YSH - Gateway 3.10.0: upgrade to Kafka 4 (#774)
conduktor/conduktor-docs: src/pages/changelog/Gateway-3.10.0.md

*Release date: {frontMatter.date.toISOString().slice(0, 10)}*

- [Breaking changes](#breaking-changes)
  - [Kafka 4.0 Compatibility](#kafka-40-compatibility)
    - [ACL Changes](#acl-changes)
    - [OAuth Authentication Changes](#oauth-authentication-changes)
    - [Deprecated Features](#deprecated-features)
    - [Version Compatibility Notes](#version-compatibility-notes)
- [New features](#new-features)
- [Fixes](#fixes)

### Breaking changes

#### Kafka 4.0 Compatibility

Gateway 3.10.0 adds support for Kafka 4.0 while maintaining backward compatibility with Kafka 2.5+ clients and clusters. However, there are some important changes to be aware of:

##### ACL Changes

> Kafka 4.0 removes the following ACLs:

Reviewer: thanks for confirming. resolving thread.

1. The `org.apache.kafka.sasl.oauthbearer.allowed.urls` property is now required when using OAuth or Delegated OAuth. You must set this in your Gateway/client configuration:
   ```
   JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS: -Dorg.apache.kafka.sasl.oauthbearer.allowed.urls=https://www.example.com
   ```
   This property helps prevent potential security vulnerabilities by explicitly defining which URLs are allowed for OAuth token validation.

2. The OAuth callback handler has been updated:
   - Old: `org.apache.kafka.common.security.oauthbearer.secured.OAuthBearerLoginCallbackHandler`
   - New: `org.apache.kafka.common.security.oauthbearer.OAuthBearerLoginCallbackHandler`
   
   This change simplifies the OAuth implementation and removes the deprecated "secured" package.

##### Deprecated Features
The following features are no longer supported or may break with Kafka 4.0:
- `message.timestamp.difference.max.ms`: This configuration has been removed as it's no longer needed with the improved timestamp handling in Kafka 4.0
- `message.downconversion.enable`: This feature has been removed as downconversion is now handled differently in Kafka 4.0

##### Version Compatibility Notes

> - Gateway 3.10.0 supports Kafka clusters from version 2.5.0 up to 4.0.0
> - Clients using Kafka 2.5+ can still connect to Gateway 3.10.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Gateway 3.10.0 continues to support connections from Kafka clients and proxying to Kafka clusters for all Kafka versions over 2.5.0 (including 4.0.0).
```
